For giving your time, for joining us.  First of all, I would
like to talk about premium growth.  In quarter one it was 6%
compared to industry growth which was 8.8%.
What was the reason behind this and
what were the factors due to which
muted growth was seen here?   The
question is absolutely correct.  What you said about the
industry growth of 8.8%, is there any
impact due to accounting changes in it
or not?  Absolutely correct.  You may remember
that the regulator had brought a change in October last year.
Where he had said that
if the insurance company is selling long term policies.
Its accounting will be done
on one by one by one and prescription.
Age in that if someone has issued a 5 year policy.
A prior to October regulation, when it was
existing, companies could recognize
all premiums as a prepaid amount, but post October,
you will have to account for your five-year premium every year.  So to that extent there has
definitely been an impact on the industry.
So, the growth of 8.8% that you are
seeing in quarter one, if we
remove 1/n 1/n and look at it on end basis, it would
reflect the industry growth of 12.8%.  Similarly,
you have to look at the ICC LB numbers in the
context. I am using context
because if you see, one is how much
you can grow in terms of top
line and equally how you are growing it.
As far as you are growing it
profitably or not, if you look at the
last year's numbers available in
the public domain which is FI 25, the
combined ratio of the industry has been
112%.  Which means the industry is
actually losing ₹12 for every ₹100 of
premium collection that the market is doing.
So when the industry loses money, it is not a
great time for us to significantly
accelerate growth.  So that's the reason
our approach on different segments has been
different.  As in, where we felt the
pricing environment was reasonable, we have been able to kind of
grow
significantly well.  But where we felt
that the pricing environment is not so
favourable, we have been a bit cautious,
our stance has been a little guarded and that is the reason
when you combine all these
numbers, our growth looks like about
6% but if you
look at our bottom line in terms of combined
ratio again as I said the
combined ratio of the industry was 112% last year,
in the last full year the combined
ratio of ILM was around 102% plus slightly
102% point 8% on a one by one basis.  The same
number, if you look at quarter one,
last year our combined ratio in quarter one
on an end basis was 102.3.
This year's quarter one numbers on a
life to life basis, if you
look at it on an end basis, that number has marginally improved
to 112.2. So from the standpoint of Yes ICB,
if we look at it, we will always continue to stay
focused on profitable growth and
hence, the growth number that you are seeing has to be
viewed in the context of how
good and bad that has been our approach to this
selection.
Absolutely Mr. Balachandran, this was about the outlook
but at the same time,
if we talk about the motor segment, growth has been seen but
if we talk about commercial vehicle premiums, there has been a
declining trend of 16 and 1/2%.  Was
this because of the market slowdown
?  This was due to pricing pressure.   There
was an underwriting strategy.  What were the reasons behind
these numbers?
So again it is a great question because
if you look at all the three factors, if you would have
noticed that relatively the
new vehicle sales of the market, it is when
you look at the growth percentage, it
appears a little less.  Because the market has been new
vehicle sales have been relatively muted.
So it definitely has an impact.  Because
our industry provides insurance on all the vehicles that are sold.
And there for two that definitely has an
impact.  Secondly, in
SFS pricing is concerned, there are
two components in the motor.  Motor OD Motor Third
Party Motor Third Party segment in the
last three years almost for the last four to
five years the market has not
seen a reasonable price increase.  So when we
saw in the industry that the relative loss
experience outcome exhibited,
clearly there is a need for a price
increase.  That is why collectively through the General
Insurance Council we have
represented to the regulator that there has to be an
improvement in pricing so for motor third
party is concern
absolutely so this is a take but at the same time
if we talk about the market share of retail health of the company Mr. Balachandran
it has increased from 2.9% in quarter one and it has gone up
to 3.5%.  The question is whether your focus is
shifting from motor to health or
motor will remain the most important segment
going forward. Well, the
beauty of our business is
that we are a multi-product, multi-
distribution company as we
offer multiple products to customers
depending on their
requirements and similarly, our
distribution reach is through different
distributors. We
distribute insurance.
So, the good thing about this is that
at different points of time, the
pricing environment, the growth environment could be very, very different.
So, being in
multiple products, multiple
distribution setup obviously helps
for ICL. But coming to your specific
point, if our focus is
shifting from motor to health, I think the short
answer is no. Both motor and health are equally
important for us. As you were saying, the
market share of retail health has increased
from 2 to 9%.  Almost 3.5%,
that is exactly what we have been talking about for the
last two years where our focus has been
to expand distribution
footprint in retail health agency in
particular and at the same time our
product launches on retail health that has been done very well,
you will remember that
in the quarter to last year we launched a new product
named Elevate and that has been
well received by customers and other
stakeholders due to which our
market share has increased from 2.9
to 3.5% that has been done very very very very very
positive but at the same time for us the
motor is also a merchant.  It is just that we
obviously see what the market environment is like
at different segments and
Mr. Balachandran the changes in accounting
that are being seen for long term products
how should investors assess growth in FY26 and what will be the internal
metrics that you will be tracking
for real business traction going ahead.
So as I said, at a from an
ice standpoint, our effort will be
that irrespective of accounting,
whatever we have to do, we end up doing the right
risk selection
which we feel is that a particular
risk is rightly priced.  I think that is
a segment that we will go after and on that
basis the market should kind of continue to
monitor us both on our
growth on the preferred segments and how
ICC lamb is doing, if you would have seen
in all the preferred segments, I think we continue to kind of
grow well but at the same
time what you would also see is our
profitability outcome in terms of
combined ratio, its treasury,
you will continue to see an improvement,
however we will also see how the market is
moving in which direction.  It
cannot be that the market is
moving significantly in one direction.
And Ist is operating in a completely
different direction.  We will obviously
operate with in the particular direction in
which the market is operating at.  But
what is very, very relevant for the market is
how our combined ratio is improving in the direction of things.
And the second thing which we have spoken even
earlier is that the returns which we will
give to the stakeholders, which is
return on equity, we have told the market
that we will be able to operate in the range of
18 to 20% and if you have seen
in quarter one and this year also, our
return on equity has been roughly around
20%.  Absolutely
Balachandran ji, thank you very much for
joining us, for answering our questions
and best wishes to you and ICIC
for the coming quarter.